Shandong First Medical University (Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences) has been actively promoting the strategy of “invigorating the university through talents” and therefore has formulated a series of high-level talent introduction programs, and welcome talents at home and abroad to join us.

This level targets academicians or experts with the qualifications that the applicants should be no more than 65 years old, and have made systematic, creative achievements and major contributions in the disciplines they have engaged in, and have important international influence and high academic status, and can help develop the disciplines to reach the world-class academic level with profound academic knowledge.

The qualified applicants should be no more than 55 years old, with high-level original research achievements recognized by international peers in the academic frontier field, and have done an important work of groundbreaking significance in the research field, with innovative ideas, and the ability to lead relevant research to reach an international advanced level. The qualified applicants should also be awardees of “the National Science Fund for Distinguished Young Scholars”, “Changjiang Scholars Program”, primary winners of second prize or above of National Teaching Achievement Award, presidents of the specialty societies of Chinese Medical Association，or research, teaching and clinical experts at home and abroad with the equivalent qualifications.

The qualified applicants should be no more than 45 years old, have been engaged in forward-looking and innovative research with strong academic potential, and have achieved landmark research results with important academic influence in academic frontiers satisfying the nation’s great demand. The qualified applicants should also be awardees of “Outstanding Youth Science Foundation”, “Changjiang Youth Scholar Program”, “National Master Teacher”, vice presidents of the specialty societies of Chinese Medical Association or presidents of provincial-level specialty societies, or research, teaching and clinical experts at home and abroad with the equivalent qualifications.

The teams introduction is encouraged and welcomed. In addition to the corresponding salary package, the amount of the start-up funds for the introduced team members will be specifically negotiated.

The University will provide internationally competitive annual salary, housing subsidy, operating (start-up) funds, and assistants, etc. for top-notch talents, leading talents and strategic talents, and the salary package for each expert will be specifically negotiated.

As to backbone talents and young outstanding reserve talents, the University will provide full-scale favorable salary package in the areas of professional titles, housing subsidies, and operating (start-up) funds according to individual academic achievements.

If the talents have made great achievements and met the requirements for higher-level talents during the employment period, the University will re-sign salary package contract for higher-level talents after deliberation. (4) If the talents obtain honorary national or provincial-level talents titles, they shall enjoy the corresponding salary package accordingly. Research awards are subject to be implemented in line with the relevant regulations of SDFMU.


Approved by Shandong Provincial Party Committee of the Communist Party of China and Shandong Provincial People’s Government, Taishan Medical University and Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences have been integrated to be Shandong First Medical University (Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences) in order to optimize the development of higher education in Shandong Province, accelerate the integration of science and education and realize the connotative development of higher education. Formally established in February 2019, Shandong First Medical University (Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences) (SDFMU) is a provincial key application-and-research-oriented university, and also the largest medical scientific research institution in Shandong Province.

SDFMU has three campuses (Jinan, Tai’an and Zhangqiu), and research institutes in Jinan, Qingdao and Jining, covering an area of over 988 acres. The main campus of Jinan is located in the core area of Jinan International Medical Science Center, with a planned area of 428 acres and the building area of 900,000 square meters. Tai’an Campus covers an area of more than 494 acres and a school building area of 820,000 square meters.
